all right hello again there star wars
the clone for Clone Wars action figure
collectors and fans and customizers this
is another star wars the clone wars
custom figure review this time it's i'm
doing a review on my custom commander
phil figure first thing i'm going to
talk about here is um what parts i use
to create this figure this one was
pretty much a rather simple figure as
far as parts going on a whole lot of
things to add on i use basically a
captain rex body for the body and the
helmet comes from one of the figures in
the hidden enemy DVD pack i don't care
too much for the sculpt on the rex
helmet so it's outdated it's too small
I've said that before so I've switched
it out with a more updated sculpt of the
helmet to make my custom look as good as
I possibly can
the next thing I'll talk about is the
paint's that I used this color that you
see on phil commander phil is a mix that
i mix by hand
it's a blood-red citadel color with just
a tiny tiny tiny bit of black mixed into
it that's how i made the mix the color
because if you see the the clones that
are on Vesak with not our vibe they have
this sort of same kind of color that the
Khorasan guard has and it's kind of
liking a dark blood-red color really
kind of a pretty red car really liked it
which is one of the reasons why i wanted
to make this figure because I enjoyed
the I enjoy the color on it
so obviously it's pretty simple I'm not
going to go over articulation anything
because if you know Captain Rex you know
what the articulation is so I painted
the design and I will take off this
helmet and I just gave him the
sergeant's slick head then
never showed the commander Phil looked
like but I figured you probably have
basically the standard looking clone and
I definitely like the high-end tight
haircut that sergeant slick has I
painted his the the blue on the on the
appalled Hren the gray because that's
what color he has give you a good
close-up look there at his chest detail
chest detail was pretty tough to get off
it took me probably about I'd say about
30-40 minutes just working on that to
get it right the little teeny lines on
his wrists and on his biceps here were a
little bit of a trick to get and also
down around his ankles in the back of
his calf here all of that was pretty
painstaking and I had to repaint it
several times before I got it right
one of the tricks that I do if you're if
you're a customizer if you're thinking
about getting into customizing is one of
the tricks that I do is I prefer a line
like this and on the wrists here in here
I actually take a pencil and just
lightly draw them on first because it
works to sort of have a little guide to
to go by I did I did draw the the chest
detail on as well beforehand just to
have something to guide me so that I'm
not kind of just free handing it
these figures are way too small to do
freehand work like that it's just too
too hard last thing I want to talk about
is I did add the tactical lamps here to
Commander Phil basically all I did was I
took some spare plastic rods of you know
or in my father been tons and tons of
stuff like that and glued them on and
then painted them white and I didn't
paint them completely solid why they let
a little bit of the black plastic show
through because did you know that
nothing looks solid white in the Clone
Wars and in fact I plan on ceiling
command
Phil and then once I do that I'll do my
weathering trick to it which I will
probably be covering in another video
later on so that's going to do it for
this video so until next time may the
force be with you buh-bye